This folder contains the schematics for the PCB that I designed as a member of Longhorn Racing Electric. It is located in the rear electronic tray of the vehicle alongside the power distribution module and BeagleBone telemetry board. The rear CPU acts as the "brain" of the car, connecting to and controlling sensors and subsystems throughout the car. Its primary purpose is to operate the motor inverter, which is responsible for applying torque to the wheels and propelling the vehicle at high speeds. It does so by communicating via CAN bus with the dashboard PCB, which receives pedal data from potentiometers located on the pedal assembly, performing averaging and plausability checks, and generating a final torque command to deliver over CAN bus to the motor inverter. The rear CPU also reads data such as overcurrent status, voltage and current measurements, and velocity from the motor inverter and transmits this information to other parts of the car to be interpreted and manipulated.

The primary component of the rear CPU is the TM4C123GH6PMI microcontroller it possesses, which is responsible for all of the decision-making performed by the board. It receives and converts incoming analog signals by passing it through a hybrid MUX/ADC circuit and also features an inertial measurement unit which records data about the vehicle's positional and motional status, which is outputted to the telemetry PCB to be transmitted wirelessly to allow for convenient data acquisition and debugging. In addition to controlling the motor inverter, the rear CPU is also directly responsible for controlling the brake light, Ready-to-Drive-Sound buzzer, and previously the cooling system. It did so by utilizing a Inter-Integrated Circuit (I²C) module, lovingly nicknamed 'Sprinkles', which allows for quick and easy communications between the rear CPU and its "slave boards". The rear CPU is a robustly designed board, featuring two voltage regulators in its power supply as well as a dedicated reverse polarity protection circuit utilizing a surge stopper in conjunction with two high-side N-channel MOSFETS.
